(#996) (ENGTASKS-3631) Switch to Astro (#997)
chocolatey/docs: README.md

1. Open in [GitHub Codespaces](https://codespaces.new/chocolatey/docs?devcontainer_path=.devcontainer/devcontainer.json).
1. Build it using a [Docker container](#build-the-site-using-a-docker-container).
1. Build it using a [Dev Container](https://containers.dev/) which utilizes Docker and provides additional tooling.

### Build the Site On Your Computer

Ensure that you have Node v20+ installed by running `node -v`. There is a `.\setup.ps1` file in the root of this repository that uses Chocolatey to install or upgrade Node to the correct version.

After confirming the required Node version, run the following command:

```
yarn dev
```

This will compile the site, and bring up a preview on `http:localhost:5086`. Any changes you make will automatically be hot reloaded.

### Build the Site Using a Docker Container

There are two ways to build the site using [Docker](https://www.docker.com/):

* [Using the Visual Studio Code Dev Containers extension](#using-the-visual-studio-code-dev-containers-extension).
* [Running the Docker container from the command line](#running-the-docker-container-from-the-command-line).

#### Using the Visual Studio Code Dev Containers Extension

> Connect to the Docker Container in Visual Studio Code. This will launch Visual Studio Code and open a terminal that is running inside the Docker Container whose configuration is defined in `/.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` and `/Dockerfile`.

Reviewer: The `Dockerfile` is being deleted in this PR, so this part needs to be updated to reflect that.

Author: I have reworked this section to make more sense.

After the Docker Container has finished setup, move to a terminal and run the following:

```

> docker run -p 5086:5086 -v $(pwd):/app chocolatey-docs-container

Reviewer: I don't think this section is quite right.  I have made some changes to the devcontainer.json file locally on my machine, and this part wasn't required.

Author: I have reworked this section to make more sense.

* Learn how to use the [`<Callout />` Component](https://design.chocolatey.org/components/callouts) to display notes and important information.
* Learn how to use the [`<CollapseButton />` Component](https://design.chocolatey.org/collapse-button) to display a button that triggers a collapsed element.
* Learn how to use the [`<Iframe />` Component](https://design.chocolatey.org/components/iframe) to display videos with defined aspect ratios.
* Learn how to use the [`<Tabs />` Component](https://design.chocolatey.org/components/tabs) to display content in tabbed interface.
* Learn how to use the [`<Xref />` Component](https://design.chocolatey.org/components/xref) to link to other documents within this repository.

## Markdown Diagrams with Mermaid

[Mermaid](https://mermaid.js.org/) via an [Astro integration](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco-astro/blob/main/astro.config.mjs.json) allows an easy way to display information with diagrams written in markdown. Find more information on usage at the [choco-astro repository](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco-astro?tab=readme-ov-file#markdown-diagrams-with-mermaid).

## Running Playwright Tests

> To run a the Playwright tests, first run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run all the Playwright tests, first run the following command:
```

```
yarn build
```

Once this has completed, run:

```
yarn playwright
```

> This will run all Playwright test and report and errors for further investigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will run all Playwright tests and report any errors for further investigation.
```
